Add forwardRef (#153)
nytimes/react-tracking: README.md

  - `dispatch`, which is a function to use instead of the default dispatch behavior. See the section on custom `dispatch()` later in this document.
  - `dispatchOnMount`, when set to `true`, dispatches the tracking data when the component mounts to the DOM. When provided as a function will be called on componentDidMount with all of the tracking context data as the only argument.
  - `process`, which is a function that can be defined once on some top-level component, used for selectively dispatching tracking events based on each component's tracking data. See more details later in this document.

>   - `forwardRef`, when set to `true`, adding a ref to the connected wrapper component will actually return the instance of the wrapped component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `forwardRef`, when set to `true`, adding a ref to the wrapped component will actually return the instance of the underlying component. Default is `false`.
```
